Update demo-rollup README.md (#448)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: examples/demo-rollup/README.md

of this document to set up a local full node, or connect to
a remote node. Whichever option you pick, simply place the URL and authentication token
in the `rollup_config.toml` file and it will be

> automatically picked up by the node implementation. For this tutorial, the makefile below that starts a local Celestia instance already handles this step for you.

Author: ```suggestion
automatically picked up by the node implementation. For this tutorial, the Makefile below (which also helps start a local Celestia instance) handles this step for you.
```

## Getting Started

### Setting up the SDK to run with a local DA layer instance
1. Install docker https://www.docker.com.

> 2. Switch to the `demo-rollup` directory.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Switch to the `examples/demo-rollup` directory.
```

3. Start the DA layer instance.

In this example, we will spin up a local Celestia instance as our DA layer. We've built a small Makefile to simplify that process:
```
$ make clean
$ make start
```
If interested, you can check out what the Makefile does [here](#Makefile).
The above command should also configure your local setup so you should see some changes stashed:
```
$ git status
..
..
	modified:   ../const-rollup-config/src/lib.rs
	modified:   rollup_config.toml
```
4. Start the demo-rollup in a different tab:
```

> $ cargo run

Author: ```suggestion
$ cargo +nightly run
```

> $ cargo +nightly run

Reviewer: We have a `rust-toolchain.toml`, so this is unnecessary and potentially breaking the setup. Let's remove it

Author: ```suggestion
$ cargo run
```

```
### Sanity check
1. Run the test transaction command, which creates a token:
```
$ make test-create-token 
```
In the tab where the demo-rollup is running, you should shortly see the transaction picked up:
```
2023-06-07T10:05:10.431888Z  INFO jupiter::da_service: Fetching header at height=18...
2023-06-07T10:05:20.493991Z  INFO sov_demo_rollup: Received 1 blobs
2023-06-07T10:05:20.496571Z  INFO sov_demo_rollup: receipts: BatchReceipt { batch_hash: [44, 38, 61, 124, 123, 92, 9, 196, 200, 211, 52, 149, 33, 172, 120, 239, 180, 106, 72, 9, 161, 68, 8, 87, 127, 190, 201, 94, 9, 30, 108, 188], tx_receipts: [TransactionReceipt { tx_hash: [160, 103, 81, 53, 69, 140, 72, 198, 215, 190, 38, 242, 70, 204, 226, 217, 216, 22, 210, 142, 110, 221, 222, 171, 26, 40, 158, 236, 110, 107, 160, 170], body_to_save: None, events: [], receipt: Successful }], inner: Rewarded(0) }
```

### Submitting transactions
The `make test-create-token` command above was useful to test if everything is running correctly. Now let's get a better understanding of how to create and submit a transaction.

1. In order to create transactions, we need to use the `sov-cli` binary, so lets build it:
```

> $ cd examples/demo-stf

Author: ```suggestion
$ cd ../demo-stf
```

  -V, --version  Print version

```

> Each transaction that we want to submit is member of the `CallMessage` enum defined as part of creating a module. For example, lets consider the `Bank` module's `CallMessage`:

Author: ```suggestion
Each transaction that we want to submit is a member of the `CallMessage` enum defined as part of creating a module. For example, lets consider the `Bank` module's `CallMessage`:
```

    }
}
```
The JSON above is the contents of the file `demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/create_token.json`. We'll use this transaction as our example for the rest of the tutorial. In order to serialize the transaction JSON to submit to our local Celestia node, we need to perform 2 operations:
- Serialize the JSON representation of the transaction.

> - Bundle serialized transaction files into a blob (since Celestia accepts blobs which can contain multiple transactions).

Author: ```suggestion
- Bundle serialized transaction files into a blob (since DA layers accept blobs which can contain multiple transactions).
```

  <NONCE>                 Nonce for the transaction
```
For our test, we'll use the test private key located at `examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/minter_private_key.json`. This private key also corresponds to the address used in the `minter_address` and `authorized_minters` fields of the `create_token.json` file.

2. Lets go ahead and serialize the transaction:
```
$ ./target/debug/sov-cli serialize-call ./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/minter_private_key.json Bank ./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/create_token.json 1
```
Once the above command executes successfuly, there should be a file named `./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/create_token.dat`:
```
$ cat ./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/create_token.dat
7cb06da843cb98a223cdd4aee61ea4533f99104fe03144720d75800580d9a665be112c73b8d0b02b8de73f678d2432e93f613071e6fd04cc96b6ab5e6952bf007b758bf2e7670fafaf6bf0015ce0ff5aa802306fc7e3f45762853ffc37180fe66800000001000b000000000000000e000000736f762d746573742d746f6b656ee803000000000000a3201954f70ad62230dc3d840a5bf767702c04869e85ab3eee0b962857ba759801000000a3201954f70ad62230dc3d840a5bf767702c04869e85ab3eee0b962857ba75980100000000000000
```

> The above is the hex representation of the serialized transaction. There is another subcommand for `sov-cli` that can bundle serialized transaction files into a blob:

Author: ```suggestion
The above is the hex representation of the serialized transaction. There is another subcommand for `sov-cli` called `make-blob` that can bundle serialized transaction files into a blob:
```

```
$ ./target/debug/sov-cli make-blob -h
Usage: sov-cli make-blob [PATH_LIST]...

Arguments:
  [PATH_LIST]...  List of serialized transactions
```
We only have one transaction, so we can use that transaction to create the serialized blob, using the `make-blob` `sov-cli` subcommand:
```
$ ./target/debug/sov-cli make-blob ./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/create_token.dat 
01000000d40000007cb06da843cb98a223cdd4aee61ea4533f99104fe03144720d75800580d9a665be112c73b8d0b02b8de73f678d2432e93f613071e6fd04cc96b6ab5e6952bf007b758bf2e7670fafaf6bf0015ce0ff5aa802306fc7e3f45762853ffc37180fe66800000001000b000000000000000e000000736f762d746573742d746f6b656ee803000000000000a3201954f70ad62230dc3d840a5bf767702c04869e85ab3eee0b962857ba759801000000a3201954f70ad62230dc3d840a5bf767702c04869e85ab3eee0b962857ba75980100000000000000
```
4. Lets create the serialized blob and redirect the output to a file so that we can use it later:
```
$ ./target/debug/sov-cli make-blob ./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/create_token.dat > ./examples/demo-stf/src/sov-cli/test_data/celestia_blob
```

> 5. To submit the blob, we'll start the DA layer instance and the rollup from scratch since the test transaction we submitted (as part of the sanity check) has the same nonce, token fields etc.:

Author: ```suggestion
5. To submit the blob, let's start the DA layer instance and the rollup from scratch (since the test transaction we submitted as part of the sanity check has the same nonce, and would cause an error as a result) :
```

> 5. To submit the transaction, we'll restart the DA layer instance and the rollup from scratch since the test transaction we submitted (as part of the sanity check) has the same nonce, token fields etc.:

Author: ```suggestion
5. To submit the blob, we'll start the DA layer instance and the rollup from scratch since the test transaction we submitted (as part of the sanity check) has the same nonce, token fields etc.:
```

```
$ cd examples/demo-rollup
$ make clean
$ make start
```

> 6. Start the demo-rollup:

Author: ```suggestion
6. Again, start the demo-rollup in a different tab:
```

```

> $ cd examples/demo-rollup

Author: ```suggestion
```

> $ cargo run

Author: ```suggestion
$ cargo +nightly run
```

```
7. Submit the transaction:
```

> $ cd examples/demo-rollup

Author: ```suggestion
```
